#summary This project would not have been possible without these people
#labels Featured

== Genesis Plus core ==

 * current version (improved emulation accuracy, new features, compatibility fixes & various cores modification) by [http://gxdev.wordpress.com/ eke-eke]
 * based on the original 1.3 version by [http://cgfm2.emuviews.com/genplus.php Charles MacDonald]
 * original Z80 core by Juergen Buchmueller ([http://mamedev.org/release.html MAME])
 * original Musashi 68k core by Karl Stenerud ([http://mamedev.org/release.html MAME])
 * original YM2612 & YM2413 core by Jarek Burczynski and Tatsuyuki Satoh ([http://mamedev.org/release.html MAME])
 * original SN76489 core by [http://www.smspower.org/maxim/ Maxim]
 * SVP core by [http://notaz.gp2x.de/svp.php Notaz]
 * Blip Buffer library & NTSC Video filter by Shay Green ([http://www.fly.net/~ant/libs Blargg])
 * 3-Band EQ implementation by [http://www.musicdsp.org/archive.php?classid=3#236 Neil C ]

==== additional thanks to ====
 * [http://gendev.spritesmind.net/forum/viewtopic.php?t=386 Nemesis], for having tested and documented many of the unknown YM2612 features and helping out improving FM emulation.
 * Tasco Deluxe for his work around the SVP chip and for his documentation of Realtec mapper used in a few unlicensed games.
 * [http://www.trzy.org/ Bart Trzynadlowski] for his documentation of the "Super Street Fighter II" mapper and some 68000 undocumented aspects.
 * [http://pasti.fxatari.com/68kdocs/ Jorge Cwik] for his work on some 68000 undocumented timings and instruction prefetch.
 * [http://mamedev.emulab.it/haze/ Haze] for having found and documented many unlicensed game protections.
 * Notaz & Stephane Dallongeville for sharing the source code of their respective emulators, Picodrive and Gens, which were also great sources of inspiration.
 * Steve Snake, author of [http://www.eidolons-inn.net/tiki-index.php?page=Kega Kega] and AamirM, author of [http://aamirm.hacking-cult.org/ Regen], for sharing some of their findings.
 * Charles Mac Donald, again, for his excellent documentation about the Sega Genesis hardware and for having designed such a great emulator in the first place (your VDP renderer rules).
 * [http://www.spritesmind.net/_GenDev/forum/ Spritesmind] & [http://www.smspower.org/ SMS Power] forums members for their technical help.


== Gamecube/Wii ports ==

 * current version, Wii port, generic GUI design & coding by eke-eke
 * based on the original Game Cube port from Softdev, Honkeykong & Markcube
 * original icon, logo & button design by [http://llref.emutalk.net/ LowLines]
 * credit picture by [http://orioto.deviantart.com/ Orioto]
 * memory card icon design by [http://www.tehskeen.net Brakken]
 * [http://chishm.drunkencoders.com/libfat/ libFAT] by Chism
 * [http://www.wiiuse.net/ wiiuse] library by Michael Laforest (para)
 * [http://hackmii.com/2008/08/libdi-and-the-dvdx-installer/ libDI] by Erant
 * [http://www.devkitpro.org/category/libogc/ libOGC] by Shagkur & many others
 * asndlib and OGG player by [http://www.entuwii.net/foro/viewtopic.php?f=6&t=87 Hermes] incl. some fixes by [http://code.google.com/u/dborth/ Tantric]
 * [http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/libpng.html libpng] and [http://www.freshports.org/audio/libtremor libtremor] by their respective authors



==== additional thanks to ====
 * Softdev for all his great work and inspiration
 * Wintermute for [http://www.devkitpro.org/ devkitpro] & [http://www.devkitpro.org/category/devkitppc/ devkitPPC]
 * [http://debugmo.de/ Tmbinc] for having opened the way to the Game Cube scene
 * [http://hackmii.com/ Twiizer team] for all their contribution to the Wii scene
 * Brakken & former Tehskeen forum members for their feedback, support and donations